New documentation structure and content (#195)
liteflow-labs/liteflow-js: docs/pages/templates/marketplace/index.mdx

---

> title: 'Starter Kit'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'Marketplace'
```

---

import { Cards } from 'nextra-theme-docs'
import { Card } from '../../../components/Card'

> # Starter kit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Marketplace
```

> The starter kit is fully fledged NFT marketplace running on the Liteflow infrastructure to showcase the uses of the infrastructure and/or be used as a starter kit to launch a product fast.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Marketplace template is a fully fledged NFT marketplace application built on Liteflow infrastructure. This template provides an operational example of our system and serves as a starter kit for rapid product development.
```

> This application is fork-able on this repository: https://github.com/liteflow-labs/starter-kit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

<Cards num={2}>
  <Card noPadding>![Home](/templates/marketplace/home.png)</Card>
  <Card noPadding>![Home](/templates/marketplace/explore.png)</Card>
  <Card noPadding>![Home](/templates/marketplace/detail.png)</Card>
  <Card noPadding>![Home](/templates/marketplace/profile.png)</Card>
</Cards>

> 

Reviewer: ### Open Source
This application is open-source and fork-able. You can view the source code and contribute to it on: https://github.com/liteflow-labs/starter-kit.

Author: Simplified with

"Open-source and fork-able. You can view the source code and contribute to it on GitHub at liteflow-labs/starter-kit."

> You can have a look at a full demo of this template here: https://demo.liteflow.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Demo
Explore a live demonstration of the marketplace template at: https://demo.liteflow.com.
```

## Features included

<Cards>

>   <Card title="NFT Explorer" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <Card title="Marketplace Core">
  NFT Explorer, NFT Minter, and Home Page Customization.
  </Card>
```

>   <Card title="NFT Minter" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <Card title="Discovery Tools">
  Search System and Trait Filters for NFTs.
  </Card>
```

>   <Card title="Home page customization" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <Card title="Transaction Types">
  Fixed Price, Open Offers, Native Token, and ERC20 Support.
  </Card>
```

>   <Card title="Search system" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <Card title="ERC1155 Support">
  Partial Fill Functionality.
  </Card>
```

>   <Card title="NFT Trait filters" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <Card title="User Experience">
  Profiles, Wallets, Dashboards, Verification, and Reporting System.
  </Card>
```

>   <Card title="Fixed price offer" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <Card title="Engagement">
  In-app and Email Notifications via Webhook, Wallet-to-Wallet Messaging.
  </Card>
```

>   <Card title="Open offer" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <Card title="Compatibility">
  Support for Multiple Wallets, Chains, Currencies, and Languages.
  </Card>
```

>   <Card title="Offers in native token" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>   <Card title="Offers in ERC20" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>   <Card title="Partial fill for ERC1155" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>   <Card title="User profile" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>   <Card title="User wallet" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>   <Card title="User dashboard" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>   <Card title="User verification" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>   <Card title="Report system" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>   <Card title="In-app notification" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>   <Card title="Email notification via webhook" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>   <Card title="Wallet-to-wallet messaging" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>   <Card title="Multiple wallet connection" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>   <Card title="Multi-chain" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>   <Card title="Multi-currency" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>   <Card title="Multi-language" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

</Cards>

> 

Reviewer: ### Multi-Chain Compatibility
Our product seamlessly integrates with a variety of blockchain ecosystems to provide a versatile and expansive user experience. It is fully compatible with major chains including Ethereum, Polygon, Binance Smart Chain, and LightLink, as well as other EVM-compatible chains.

Author: Had to simplify it for space issue

"Compatible with major chains including Ethereum, Polygon, Binance Smart Chain, and LightLink."
